219 bundle documentation (#298)
ynput/ayon-documentation: website/docs/admin_server_settings_management.md

---
id: admin_server_settings_management
title: Settings Management
sidebar_label: Settings Management
description: Settings Management Documentation.
toc_max_heading_level: 5
---

## Team Settings

- Add Teams
- Add team members
- Roles

## Project Anatomy Settings

- Anatomy Presets
- Anatomy Settings
- Roots Override

## Addon Settings

*Addon settings are accessed via Bundles.*

- Studio Settings: Addon settings on studio level.

> - Project Settings: Addon settings on project level. They inherit studio settings and allowing overrides per project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Project Settings: Addon settings on project level. They inherit studio settings and allow pinned overrides per project. A pinned override does not inherit from studio settings anymore and is explicitly set on the project settings.
```

- Studio Site Settings: Addon local settings on studio level. They don't inherit (nor override) any other settings.

> - Project Site Settings: Addon local settings on project level. They don't inherit (nor override) any other settings.

Reviewer: Should this state that it's _per site id_? Or what is "local" in this case?
